Su Qianyi, is it reasonable for you to want me so much?
Isn’t that the case? Do you want to be reasonable with me?
I'm just fulfilling your wishes.
Okay, I will go and tell the emperor tomorrow,
He said that I had done this to my husband and we could no longer be husband and wife.
Aren't I madam? I have others in my heart,
Is it reasonable for me to wait until the end?
Isn’t it that the prince feels that my heart is pleasing to others every day?
When did I say that I liked someone else?
Do you want to say that the person you bring with you every day is the king?
Yes, you said that Qiu Mu Tiao,
That Qiu Mu Tiao, is it me?
It really makes me wonder, are you kidding me?
Don't be too happy
Those integrated reading shoes are good
I'll tell Huang'er tomorrow
What reasonable book
no reasonable book
Madam, stop joking
I'm not kidding
Since I also want to be reasonable
I'll satisfy you with this medicine. Don't, don't, I'm wrong.
Why don't you be reasonable?
I don’t want to write a book rationally either.
I want to tell you that you like me
But I went there before
Familiar and unwilling
What will I do when I come back in the future?
Who said I returned to Lin Long after I returned?
I like you
I, Su Qianyi, swear to God for the rest of my life
I only like Yu Linlong